Updated command set (#3569)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/Set-VHD.md

```

### -PhysicalSectorSizeBytes

Specifies the physical sector size, in bytes. Valid values are 512 and 4096. This parameter is

> supported only on a VHDX-format disk that'sn't attached when the operation is initiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported only on a VHDX-format disk that isn't attached when the operation is initiated.
```
